Updating Billing Page with FAQ (#1136)
mixpanel/docs: pages/docs/pricing/billing.md

If you are an existing customer on an MTU plan, refer to our legacy MTU Pricing Guide.

### Is old event data billed when imported to Mixpanel?

We will only apply charges to event data points with timestamps within the current billing cycle. Importing older data will incur no additional cost. For example: if April 1st - April 30th is the current billing cycle, importing data from March will be free of charge.

### I am using the Warehouse add-on for ingesting data. How does this impact billing? 

> The warehouse is just another source of data, just more accurate as it allows you to send updated data to Mixpanel at all times. Warehouse data, similar to other sources, is billed in accordance with general Mixpanel pricing policies. 

Reviewer: not that important but using "just" twice so close together felt weird so though we could something like this maybe?

```suggestion
The warehouse is simply another source of data, just more accurate as it allows you to send updated data to Mixpanel at all times. Warehouse data, similar to other sources, is billed in accordance with general Mixpanel pricing policies. 
```

> The warehouse is just another source of data, just more accurate as it allows you to send updated data to Mixpanel at all times. Warehouse data, similar to other sources, is billed in accordance with general Mixpanel pricing policies. 
> 
> The one additional field you will see in the Billing Page on your Data Usage Table is "Updates". Updates (updating existing event or deleting event) from the warehouse are tracked separately from event volume. Each update is counted as one event towards billing. You can read more [here](https://docs.mixpanel.com/docs/tracking-methods/data-warehouse#faq)

Reviewer: I took a stab at this section as it seemed a little ambiguous to me in some areas. Definitely open to pushback if it wasnt what you were looking to touch on here or anything like that.

```suggestion
From the Mixpanel perspective, the warehouse is just another source of data. Warehouse data, similar to other sources, is billed in accordance with general Mixpanel pricing policies. 

There is one additional field you will see in the Billing Page on your Data Usage Table called "Updates". Updates  (updating an existing event or deleting an event) are generated by Mirror type syncs and are tracked separately from other event volume. Each update is counted as one event towards billing. You can read more about these updates and how warehouse connectors may affect billing from the warehouse perspective [here](https://docs.mixpanel.com/docs/tracking-methods/data-warehouse#faq)
```
